	1) 
	
	The need for firewall synchronization came from the existence of the NAT/PAT mechanisms in them.
	Without the synchronization of the firewalls, the routers could route the traffic flow in a way
where a firewall could receive response traffic from the outside of the private network 
whose destination ip is not present in the nat translations table, since the request packets that
originated the responses didnt leave the private network through it.
	The synchronization of the load-balancers allows the nonexistence of firewall synchronization
because the load balancer distributes the traffic evenly across the network and guarantees that
packets from the same flow are routed through the same firewall.

	2)
	
	The "Round Robin" load balancing algorithm works by distributing traffic to multiple devices 
sequentially. This means that each incoming request is sent to a different device, each receiving 
an equal share of the incoming traffic.
	In this approach, load-balancers memorize the interface by wich they received the request traffic
from the firewalls, and routes the response traffic through the same interface. 
	Thus, we can conclude that this algorithm may allow the nonexistence of load balancer 
synchronization.

	3)
	
	During a DDoS (Distributed Denial of Service) attack, the attacker floods the target system 
with a high volume of traffic, overwhelming the system's resources and rendering it inaccessible 
to legitimate users.
	Device/connection states synchronization is the process of maintaining and sharing information
about the state of network devices and their connections across multiple devices. This information 
may include information such as which connections are currently open, which devices are available, 
and what resources are being used.
	With this system in action, certain groups of network devices are synchronized and share the same 
information about their connections and states. This way, if the attacker gains access to this 
information, he can use it to identify the most vulnerable devices and connections to target,
making it easier for the attacker to exploit vulnerabilities in the network.
	